Update configure-keycloak-connector.md (#4626)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/administer/key-managers/configure-keycloak-connector.md

    3. Add the following configuration to add a new Key Manager.
    

>          [![Add Key Cloak configurations]({{base_path}}/assets/img/administer/keycloak-endpoints.png)]({{base_path}}/assets/img/administer/keycloak-endpoints.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         [![Add Keycloak configurations]({{base_path}}/assets/img/administer/keycloak-endpoints.png)]({{base_path}}/assets/img/administer/keycloak-endpoints.png)
```

6. Click **Generate Keys**.

!!! tip
     * If you want to generate the tokens with scopes, those scopes should have been defined in Keycloak as mentioned in the <a href="#step12">Step 1 - (2)</a>.

>      * When generating a token in the Dev Portal, you need to have code and implicit grant types selected and you need to enter the response type as none. Without these, token generation fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * When generating a token in the Developer Portal, you need to have the `code` and `implicit` grant types selected and you need to enter the response type as `none`. Without these, the token generation process fails.
```
